# AI Business Idea List  
  
* An application that tracks workout body progress visually - built with generative AI  
* A virtual platform to receive text message or phone message help anytime  
* A "humans in the loop" consulting agency that helps companies operate and reimagine their structure for AI  
* AI Resume - Build a skills and resume database and use AI to create a resume custom-tailored to the searcher  (use AI sentence for coding AI)  
* Help companies build their own proprietary AI data infrastructure to help automate their workloads  
* Can I build a chat bot recommendation engine that allows people to order coffee directly through my bot to the manufacturers website and make a percentage of the profit?  What else would benefit from a recommendation engine? Clothing?  
* An AI first system that provides access to all employee communications on email, slack, etc. Using the LLM, the system can diagnose where breakdowns in communication, siloing of information, or gaps in process are happening. The humans are responsible for their part. The AI system delegates and coordinates the work.... use the example of the call center in  Generative AI for Everyone course by Andrew Ng  
* Coffee Chat-bot recommendation engine that uses AI to source and recommend coffee. It uses local data to recommend coffee nearby. It uses wholesale pluggin to sell direct to consumers. It's goal is to be the most useful and trustworthy coffee recommendation website out there  
* The opportunity: Companies struggle with AI adoption because legacy systems and ways of working are so entrenched and people are so resistant to change that wholesale AI reinventon remains nearly impossible within an existing company. So the opportunity - look at industries and build AI first companies from the ground up that will be acquired by the legacy companies as they seek to modernize their operation and acquire improvements in margin. Or, acquire legacy companies and implement the AI first systems.... where in the business model is AI uniquely positioned to win? Where do humans play?  
* Take an existing company like better help and make it an order of magnitude cheaper by offering it through a specialized AI service .... What comapnies charge a lot for critical services that can be automated by AI  
* An AI chatbot that reimagines the hiring process for a company. It facilitates interviews and asks questions from the very beginning to get a sense of the candidate and their fit within the culture and technical ability   
* A newsletter that describes how an AI tool could be used for a business application... Something to give the CEOs and managers inspiratio  
* A chat bot system they allows a user to click on a website and ask it a question for more info. For instance - what age is free? The question searched the site to return the answer  
* A company that creates and trains domain or category specific LLMs and then hosts those LLMs for commercial use. I.e. a bot that is trained on coffee attributes and roasters and consumer preferences and then uses that data for innovation or business application insights or for other purposes. The domains could be any one where specialization of training data could be helpful for commercial application. I.e. coffee growing or coffee manufacturing. I.e. food products and SKUs. I.e. restaurants and menu offerings. I.e. video game production   
* An AI workflow that is dedicated to taking a company or product to market.... Ultimately allowing for any AI tool to become widely adopted  
* A live caption and note taking tool for students that broadcasts captions for lectures that students can read as they are being spoke and automatically goes into notes for the student    
* An Agenic personal assistant bot that reads your health data, workout data, and food data, from your own input sources and custom creates a sleep schedule, workout routine, and meal plan to optimize your well being every day. You can choose to accept or reject it's guidance and it will update the plan based on actual real world input  
* An aegenic personal assistant education bot that reads your content consumption, learning inputs, newsletters, media, and keeps generating new input to guide you and stimulate ideas on what could be possible. For instance you say you have a goal of learning a language. It helps organize information in your life around that goal. You have a goal of being a programmer and it helps create a plan to deliver that information with each step being an input. Based on what you do easily or find hard to do it fine tunes your direction and input to get you doing what you're best at  
* A data company that personalizes LLMs and fine tunes LLMs and trains LLMs on your data and your preferences. For instance It houses your own weight, measurements, colors, complexion and style information. It then uses this to fit clothes, colors, glasses, jewelry, or really anything your own prefernce. It's an API for your own data......  
